Add example of pipe operator in CREATE (#700)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: doc-surrealdb_versioned_docs/version-2.x/surrealql/statements/create.mdx

]
```

> The `||` syntax can be used to create a specified number of records. To use this syntax, add a colon and the number of records to create after the table name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `| |` syntax can be used to create multiple records in a single execution. The number that follows the table name specifies the number of records created. 

To use this syntax, add a colon and the number of records to create after the table name.
```

Reviewer: @Dhghomon what do you think? RE: Suggestion

Author: Looks good!
